fix: mandatory ext on @lingui/loader (#831)
lingui/js-lingui: docs/ref/loader.rst

Simply prepend ``@lingui/loader:`` in front of path to message catalog you want to
import. Here's an example of dynamic import:

> Extension is mandatory, if you use minimal format, you should use ``.json``, in case of using po format, use ``.po``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extension is mandatory. If you use minimal or lingui file format, use ``.json``. In case of using po format, use ``.po``.
```
